animal 	1
sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it 	0
a movie to forget 	0
, good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography . 	1
noticeable lack 	0
multi-layered 	1
's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit 	0
this story of unrequited love does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour . 	0
ultimately takes hold and grips hard . 	1
spectacularly ugly-looking broad 	0
deflated as he does 	0
in alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life 	0
overflowing 	1
its leaden acting , dull exposition 	1
could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one 	1
that extravagantly redeems it 	1
an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty . 	1
as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema 	1
an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary china . 	1
a backbone 	1
although no pastry is violated , this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success . 	0
it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective 	1
a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem 	1
hilarity . 	1
in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown 	1
loses 	0
it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie 	1
the nifty premise 	1
reading lines from a teleprompter 	0
is a real filmmaker 	1
absurdist spider web . 	0
stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy 	0
with flabby rolls 	0
is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution 	1
one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year 	1
translate well to film 	1
makes for a touching love story 	1
really adorable italian guys . 	1
stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits 	0
on the edge of your seat 	1
more diverting and thought-provoking 	1
even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic 	0
does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films 	0
good taste 	1
has some freakish powers of visual charm 	1
, triumphant , 	1
energetic and sweetly 	1
almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` the addams family '' to everyone looking in ... `` my big fat greek wedding '' comes from the heart 	1
you 'll cheer . 	1
most wondrously gifted artists 	1
horribly depressing and not 	0
it is wise 	1
a golden book sprung to life 	1
a positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder 	1
heartache everyone 	0
, confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually 	1
a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light 	1
more interesting -- and , dare i say , 	1
's strongest and most touching movie of recent years . 	1
mob 	0
warmth and humor 	1
soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , 	0
fare with real thematic heft 	1
this tired retread 	0
a sobering meditation 	1
do n't blame eddie murphy but should n't 	0
revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway 	1
nebrida 	1
yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is . 	0
an expert thriller 	1
do better elsewhere 	0
ultimately tragic 	0
that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it 	0
despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff . 	1
dialogue and sharp 	1
to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway 	1
genuine spontaneity 	1
this movie is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad . 	0
aggravating and tedious 	0
tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life 	1
the performances are worthwhile . 	1
, french director anne fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition 	1
you do n't need to know your ice-t 's from your cool-j 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california . 	0
any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions 	0
this crude , 	0
wedding 	1
oodles of charm 	1
while the third feels limited by its short running time 	0
the picture is in trouble 	0
also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults 	1
is n't worth sitting through 	0
tedious norwegian offering which somehow snagged an oscar nomination 	0
report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks 	1
symbiotic 	1
just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work . 	1
whenever you think you 've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end . 	0
love stories you will ever see . 	1
there is a real subject here 	1
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , 	1
soft-porn 	0